Update Topology Aware Scheduling's KEP (#197)
kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins: kep/119-node-resource-topology-aware-scheduling/README.md

worker node by using scheduler plugin.
- Make more optimal scheduling decisions that take NUMA topology into consideration.

## Non-Goals

- Change the PodSpec to allow requesting a specific node topology manager policy
- This Proposal requires exposing NUMA topology information. This KEP doesn't
describe how to expose all necessary information it just declares what kind of
information is necessary. Please see [topology aware resource provisioning daemon KEP][4] for more information.

# Proposal

A Filter plugin implements a simplified version of Topology Manager and hence is different from original topology manager algorithm.
This plugin would check for the ability to run pod only in case of single-numa-node policy on the
node. Since it is the strictest policy, it implies that the launch on the node with
other existing policies will be successful if the condition for single-numa-node policy passed for the worker node.
Proposed Filter plugin will use [CRD][1] to identify which topology policy is enabled on the node.
To work, this plugin requires topology information of the available resource on the worker nodes.

> Additional plugin, a Score plugin, would prioritize the most suitable node ,among the ones provided by the Filter plugin, for running the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An additional Score plugin would prioritize the most suitable node, among the ones provided by the Filter plugin, for running the pod.
```

	return nil
}
```

### Description of the Score Algorithm

The algorithm which prioritize based on specific scoring strategy is as follows:
```go
    numaScores := make([]int64, len(numaList))
    for _, numa := range numaList {
    	// score is a pointer to a function that can be implemented in various ways 
        numaScores[numa.NUMAID] = score(requested, numa.Resources, resourceToWeightMap)
    }

>     minScore := findMinScore(numaScores)

Reviewer 2: why we use the min of numa scores as the plugin score?

Author: We return the minimal score to handle worst-case scenarios, For example:
Worker-Node 0:
NUMA 0 score: 50
NUMA 1 score: 70

Worker-Node 1:
NUMA 0 score: 30
NUMA 1 score: 90

Since we can't explicitly tell Kubelet which NUMA (NUMA 0 or NUMA 1) to select, it's better to assume Kubelet will choose the less-good NUMA, i.e. NUMA with the minimal score.
So we preferred to have a Worker-Node 0 and Worker-Node 1 with a final score of 50 and 30 respectively because it will **guarantee** to have the workloads deployed on a NUMA with a score of at least 50.

Reviewer 2: > Since we can't explicitly tell Kubelet which NUMA (NUMA 0 or NUMA 1) to select, it's better to assume Kubelet will choose the less-good NUMA, i.e. NUMA with the minimal score.

Thanks. It's make sence.
It's better to add your explanation in this doc.

Author: > It's better to add your explanation in this doc.

Done.

	return nil
}
```

### Description of the Score Algorithm

> The algorithm which prioritize based on specific scoring strategy is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm which prioritizes based on a specific scoring strategy is as follows:
```

```go
    numaScores := make([]int64, len(numaList))
    for _, numa := range numaList {
    	// score is a pointer to a function that can be implemented in various ways 
        numaScores[numa.NUMAID] = score(requested, numa.Resources, resourceToWeightMap)
    }
    // Since we can't explicitly tell Kubelet which NUMA to select,

>     // it's better to assume Kubelet will choose the less-good NUMA,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // we'll choose a conservative strategy to assume Kubelet will choose the least optimal NUMA,
```

# Use cases

> Numbers of kubernetes worker nodes on bare metal with NUMA topology. TopologyManager feature gate enabled on the nodes. In this configuration, the operator does not want that in the case of an unsatisfactory host topology, it should be re-scheduled for launch, but wants the scheduling to be successful the first time. In the case of some available hosts, it should be able to prioritize the most suitable one based on a pre-configured set of instructions.   

Reviewer: Add "Moreover, " ahead of "in the case of ..."

Author: Done. Please let me know before the merge, so I'll squash everything.
